hello everyone its captain laser guns
here and today i'm going to be showing
you how to make a chicken spawner so
what we're going to do you need to have
to trap doors bucket pocket of water and
a few eggs now i say a few eggs because
sometimes you don't get any chickens
from a couple of eggs but we'll start
building this okay so i'm gonna build my
own above ground you can do do it
however you like you can build it into
the ground both ground you can build up
in the sky on the moon you can do it
however way you like this is my way of
doing it so what we want is something
like this build it up three and then you
want to have it so it goes out a little
bit block that off because this is going
to be where you actually place your
chickens in that
now place one trapdoor here and another
trapdoor yeah and if you want i'm gonna
place glass for this so I can see what's
going on and it's not the most
attractive-looking thing I know that but
it's effective it does what it does what
it says it makes chickens so we'll check
that in check vain no chickens that's
unfortunate um I was actually hoping
that would have chickens so now I need
to go find an egg best way to get eggs
find a chicken wait for him to stop and
then do this don't kill your chicken you
usually just dig under it but I'm not
really having the greatest luck with
chicken to the moment i'll see if
there's still any remains from i did
before this i had a chicken in here and
it was just like that and he'll stay for
about an hour I just left my minecraft
running while I ate dinner then I came
back and two eggs chicken run away I
tried doing the same thing before and
didn't work anyway so that's the
building you do you chuck the two eggs
in and you get chickens now what you
want to do after that is probably not
the best idea to do it on the sand
because you know Stan's affected by
gravity but take it down like this and
this is where you collect your eggs and
then you can go up and place your eggs
in there or you can keep them and use
them in cakes now hopefully we'll get
another egg by the end of the video but
also i'm going to try and go mining for
some redstone now I need the red stone
for the dispensers which I'm going to
have in the hub I don't know where I'm
going to get the red stoughton frog
probably deep underground axe
he's like chicken no I did have a
chicken in there but I think it might
have died or possibly just disappeared
if you go i think it's 32 blocks yeah
thirty two blocks away from the mobs
they vanish so what I'm gonna do I'll
come back when I find an egg and i'll
try to show you how this machine works
because it'd be better if you saw it how
it works otherwise you'll be like he's
lying he's trolling me so i'll be back a
little bit